The paper should now be framed as a biological synthesis about antigenically informative H3N2 HA sites, not as a machine-learning benchmarking exercise. The main text should make one integrated argument across `Table 1` and three figures. First, the analysis with our models of the Neher/Bedford H3N2 dataset and has direct residue-level sequence models. It appears to largely recover the H3 antigenic-sites found by Koel and the Neher/Bedford in their different analysis of the same data. Second, the analysis of the WIC dataset with the same model types shows that we can recover the majority of the same sites as the Harvey and Shah analysis that used a similar dataset (it used the same HI dataset, but there were differing final datasets due to the need/ability to match varying numbers of sequences). Third and probably most importantly for framing this work overall, the cross-study concordance analysis between the Koel site, Neher/Bedford study, the Harvey study on the WIC data, and the Shah study on the WIC data demonstrates the broader value of the work: our model trained on the Neher/Bedford data most clearly recovers the Koel signal, whereas the models built on the filtered WIC data provides the strongest overall agreement across otherwise weakly concordant literatures, including Harvey, Koel, Neher/Bedford, McWhite evolutionary metrics, Meyer structural integration, and independent sequence-only LightGBM+SHAP analyses based on large unpassaged sequence datasets. Also of note, SHAP-based sequence-only rankings perform substantially better than sitewise dN/dS as a practical guide to likely antigenically important positions with the exact same data. Taken together, the article should be framed as successfully consolidating a fairly parsimonious set of hemagglutinin sites between several disparate datasets and modeling approaches; specifically, there is significant discordance between the prior Neher/Bedford set and the Harvey set, but our analysis shows where we can improve concordance between the two. This was made possible by a new flexible modeling approach using lightgbm+shap.  The supplement should reinforce the main claim by documenting primary-model diagnostics first and then showing a few additional analyses including unfiltered Harvey/WIC and patristic analyses as informative sensitivity tests but do not alter the main biological conclusion.
